[docs] Document storage limitations with CSI proxy (#1907)
openshift/windows-machine-config-operator: README.md

workloads.

### Storage

> Windows Nodes are running csi-proxy and are ready to use CSI drivers, however Windows CSI driver DaemonSets are not
> managed by the cluster. In order to use persistent storage for Windows workloads, the cluster administrator should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Windows Nodes are running csi-proxy and are ready to use CSI drivers. However, the Windows CSI driver DaemonSets is not
managed by the Windows Machine Config Operator or cluster component. To use persistent storage for Windows workloads, the cluster administrator should
```

> managed by the cluster. In order to use persistent storage for Windows workloads, the cluster administrator should

Reviewer 2: I am not sure about the `Windows CSI driver DaemonSets are not managed by the cluster`. Maybe `Windows CSI drivers are not deployed as part of the product` or something along those lines.

> follow upstream documentation to deploy the Windows CSI driver DaemonSet for the desired storage provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
follow upstream or cloud provider documentation to deploy the Windows CSI driver DaemonSet for the desired storage provider.
```

Author: Reworded, but not all storage drivers == cloud provider. For example SMB
